This project focused heavily on noise, and so when I was picking out a type of noise to use I gravitated to fractal brownian motion, since it allowed for very visually 
appealing noise across a 2d space. It also helped make the live video component more interesting, as increasing the multipliers for the noise turned the video into a network
of swirling ripples. I also wanted to incorporate some visual elements from my previous work, so I added in sine waves with the same color scheme I used previously, combined
with fractal brownian motion to add more ripples to the waves. When I was adding interaction methods, I wanted to focus on using the mouse. I made the mouse position
modify the amplitude and frequency of the sine wave (which is also further modified by the arrow keys) and move a pair of horizontal lines up and down. Additionally, the N
key cycles the noise level in the background. The sine wave bordered by the two horizontal lines created a pleasing unified shape, and I found that the noisy background 
acted as an excellent backdrop, allowing me to turn the normally mundane camera video into a detailed background for the piece. All together, this allowed me to combine my 
previous design elements, like the color scheme and the distorted sine waves, with the live video in the current project.

The feedback I received from a classmate was encouraging and, to an extent, lined up with what I was intending with the piece. They mentioned the movement of the background 
having a notable rhythm that made them want to dance, as well as wanting to pluck the sine wave like a string using the mouse controls. These were helpful comments because
fundamentally all of my work so far has related to rhythm in some way, so the fact that that comes across is encouraging. Futhermore, they noticed that the visuals were 
similar to my previous work; again, I'm glad they picked up on that since I definitely wanted to bring some of my existing stylistic elements over to this project to give
it a theme consistent with what I've already done.